# Surface Charge Distribution Simulator
Our program will be simulating how charge spreads out on the surface of a conductor by allowing the user to sketch a cross-section of a 3-dimensional conductor. Firstly, the user will draw a shape with their cursor. This part of the program is coded such that the user can freely draw. However, to complete the drawing, the user must press "d" for done to proceed to the next stage, which prompts a line to be drawn connecting the initial point and the point where the user left off. This ensures that the conductor is a fully formed shape without any gaps. Once the user is satisfied with the shape they have drawn (they can press “c” to clear the screen if they are dissatisfied), they can click "q" with their mouse cursor inside the shape, which will confirm they have finished and fill the created shape with randomly distributed charge. Once these charges are created, the simulation will calculate the net force on each charge and move them accordingly. This process will be animated such that the user can see the charges as they move to their positions, rather than just having the charges spontaneously appear already in position. Once the user is done studying a shape, they can clear the screen by pressing “c” and begin creating a new shape. We’ll also be implementing sliders for mass, charge per particle, and particle density. 

In addition to this, there will also be preset conductors that will demonstrate how charge spreads on its surface. These shapes will include a circle, a dog bone, and a concave triangle. We felt that these shapes best demonstrated certain distributions of charge. The circle demonstrates a uniform distribution, the dog bone demonstrates how more charge gathers around the circular part than the straight part, and the concave triangle demonstrates how charge gathers around the corners. 
